feat: enable nativeWindowOpen by default (#23221)
electron/electron: docs/breaking-changes.md

We [recommend moving away from the remote
module](https://medium.com/@nornagon/electrons-remote-module-considered-harmful-70d69500f31).

> ### Default Changed: `nativeWindowOpen` defaults to `true`
> 
> In Electron 10 the `nativeWindowOpen` webPreference will default to `true`.  This changes
> the provider of the `window.open` API to use Chromiums logic instead of Electrons.  This
> flag will be removed in a future Electron version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Default Changed: `nativeWindowOpen` defaults to `true`

In Electron 10 the `nativeWindowOpen` webPreference will default to `true`.  This changes
the provider of the `window.open` API to use Chromium's logic instead of Electron's.

This flag will be removed in a future Electron version, with the `nativeWindowOpen: true`
behavior becoming the only available option.
```
